hey what's up you guys Rico from yo tech
TV and yo check that net here with
another overview for today the overview
I'm doing now is the Galaxy Nexus which
was originally called the nexus prime
but was switched to the Galaxy Nexus
from what I just heard and you can see
the picture I'm sure a lot of people
know about it and the big big thing
about this Samsung Galaxy Nexus
smartphone is the fact that it's going
to have android 4.0 ice cream sandwich
now I like the name of this because it's
Android I mean Ice Cream Sandwich like
what a random name I guess for me but
yeah I have the specs on this phone and
I'll just give you the specs and a
little info about it so basically I'm
seeing that it's gonna have a 1.2
gigahertz dual-core processor five
megapixel rear camera with LED flash a
1.3 megapixel front-facing cam 1080p 30
frames per second video recording and
playback a new fangled panel panorama
mode a 3.5 millimeter headphone jack so
you can list the regular headphones and
Bluetooth 3.0 you'll also find USB 2.0
802 point 11 a/b/g/n Wi-Fi and embedded
NFC module I see it says there's one
gigabyte of ram 16 or 32 gigabyte of
internal storage space and a 17 1750
milliamp battery is for radios there's
an HSPA model on tap while an LTE
version will be available depending on
the region now I mean this is a great
phone and it's like from what I see is
just basically the usual Android and
Apple competing in being the apple
released iphone 4s I see Android is
basically back
like how do you jump from android 2.3
point five to Android point for point Oh
Ice Cream Sandwich within like a week or
so so that's a big thing and I want I
mean I heard his five must-have features
for this android 4.0 and we will give
you more info on that but yeah this is a
nice phone it's not too big I mean it's
an android for our your Android lovers
out there it has a HD Super AMOLED
display 1280 by 720 which I didn't
mention so that's great minutes a great
phone it was called the nexus prime is
now the Samsung Galaxy Nexus Nexus Wow
yeah Samsung Galaxy Nexus and I mean
it's great you heard the first in hong
kong by the way it's kind of late over
here but yeah that's it um rico from yo
tech TV and yo tech dotnet checking in
and check it out check it out click the
link in my description for the blog on
this and subscribe if you like our
videos peace